[MAP01]
$s141;#1 From the ledge above, drop down to get the blue armor.

$s291;#2 From the ledge above, drop down to get the box of shells.

$s247;#3 From the area with the raising/lowering platform that reveals switches 
and teleports, first press the south switch and run through the north teleport.  

Next drop down the platform that opened from the switch press and press the next 
switch and quickly run back to the raising/lowering platform and press the west switch
and run through the east teleport.  This will take you to the cyberdemon's tower.

Run quickly through the tower to the next teleport, which will bring you near
to where the lift lowered from one of the previous switches.  Quickly get onto the lift and
run back towards the path above the raising/lowering platform.  If you time it right, you 
can drop down the hole onto the megasphere and backpack.

$s263;#4 Pass over green armor under the bridge once and demons lower.
Pass a second time and the floor lowers more.  Drop down to find the
ledge.  Don't pass a third time, since the floor will drop too far.

$s370;#5 First grab chaingun/rocket launcher, then climb up crates.  Demons will come
running across the area.  Stand on one demon to pass the gap from
the Mancubus area to the chaingunners.

$s394;#6 From top level, press the switch that lowers the platform down to the middle level.
Wait a beat, then jump down the platform and press the switch that lowers the marble crusher
and run back to the platform in time for it to come back up.  When you are up, run to the
top of the marble crusher and find the secret opening to the west.

$s552;#7 Holes in the floor lower when demons are killed.  Drop into
the hole with a flashing light to find a chainsaw.  If you kill all the 
demons first, there is also a button on the ledge above.

$s730;#8 Make sure you haven't triggered the floor drop near the ssg/plasma weapon.
There is a hole in the floor where the lost souls come out.  Fall down there, kill
the souls and work your way back up.  If you take this path it will let you get
the jump on the chaingunners and will still trigger the floor drop.

$s1876;#9 There is a spot where the floor opens up and there is a mancubus under
the floor.  Kill the mancubus and other monsters down there.  On the way back up,
jump off the lift into the nook with the blue armor.

$s2000;#10 From the top level, there is a spot where you press a switch and a hole
opens up in the floor, revealing a bunch of chaingunners.  Jump down the hole.
From the inside of the hole, shoot a switch on the south wall.  Then jump all the
way down.  Enter the nook that has opened with some ammo in it.  Head back to the
middle level.  Hit the switch near the chaingun/rocket launcher trap room (outside
the room) to lower a platform from the ceiling with more chaingunners.  Head back
to the top level and fall down the hole again.  It will be more open at this point.
Now you can jump from that hole place onto the chaingunner platform.  Head across
to find a soul sphere and some ammo.

$2772;#11 In the room with lots of imps, wait for the platform to raise, then jump
onto the window.  From there if you do it right, you can grab the berserk.
